client:536 WebSocket connection to 'wss://c1b9d8e1-09e2-4ee1-980f-3c07d5dda966-00-287ayll7fjwoe.riker.replit.dev/?token=5rYIllujOw9I' failed: 
setupWebSocket @ client:536
client:536 Uncaught (in promise) SyntaxError: Failed to construct 'WebSocket': The URL 'wss://localhost:undefined/?token=5rYIllujOw9I' is invalid.
    at setupWebSocket (client:536:19)
    at fallback (client:509:16)
    at WebSocket.<anonymous> (client:555:7)
chunk-WERSD76P.js?v=4e64860d:21551 Download the React DevTools for a better development experience: https://reactjs.org/link/react-devtools
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:148 🚀 Starting new game - clearing all state
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:166 ✅ Game state reset - starting automatic calling
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:170 🎯 Calling first number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:174 ⏰ Setting up interval for every 3 seconds
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:181 ✅ Interval set successfully: 149
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:148 🚀 Starting new game - clearing all state
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:166 ✅ Game state reset - starting automatic calling
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:170 🎯 Calling first number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:174 ⏰ Setting up interval for every 3 seconds
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:181 ✅ Interval set successfully: 194
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:148 🚀 Starting new game - clearing all state
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:166 ✅ Game state reset - starting automatic calling
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:170 🎯 Calling first number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:174 ⏰ Setting up interval for every 3 seconds
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:181 ✅ Interval set successfully: 244
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state Object
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:176 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:91 🎯 callNumber invoked {gameActive: false, gamePaused: false, gameFinished: false, calledNumbersLength: 0, currentNumber: null, …}
bingo-employee-dashboard.tsx:101 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state {gameActive: false, gamePaused: false, gameFinished: false}
 ⏱️ Interval tick - calling next number
 🎯 callNumber invoked {gameActive: false, gamePaused: false, gameFinished: false, calledNumbersLength: 0, currentNumber: null, …}
 ❌ Stopping callNumber due to game state {gameActive: false, gamePaused: false, gameFinished: false}
